{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red1\green31\blue103;\red245\green245\blue246;\red42\green49\blue64;
\red253\green128\blue8;\red14\green18\blue29;\red156\green155\blue176;\red0\green0\blue0;\red63\green105\blue30;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c18185\c48021;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;
\cssrgb\c100000\c57637\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c9412\c15294;\cssrgb\c67451\c67451\c74510;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c30831\c47797\c15540;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Introduction\
Drawchange is a non-profit organization that provides art therapy and other services to homeless and impoverished children. The organization's website, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.drawchange.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \ul https://www.drawchange.org/}}, was in need of a redesign to improve its user experience and make it easier for users to donate to the cause. The current site had several issues, including poor color contrast ratios, confusing information architecture, and a lack of clear CTAs. Additionally, users were having difficulty finding information about the product, which made it challenging to understand the organization's mission.\
Problem Statement\
Drawchange's website was not providing users with the necessary information to understand the non-profit's mission, and the design was causing users to leave the site before making a donation. The primary problem with the site was its poor user experience. The confusing information architecture made it challenging to navigate, and the lack of clear CTAs made it difficult for users to understand how to donate. Additionally, the poor color contrast ratios made it challenging for some users to read the site's content.\
Solution\
To solve these issues, a user-centered design approach was adopted, which included several popular UX/UI methods. The first step was to conduct user research to understand the site's primary users and their needs. The research revealed that users were looking for transparency in the non-profit's activities and financials before making a donation. Therefore, the solution was to create a design that focused on transparency and made it easy for users to find the information they were looking for.\
The next step was to redesign the site's information architecture. A card sorting exercise was conducted with users to determine the most intuitive way to organize the site's content. The information architecture was restructured to make it easier for users to find the information they were looking for, with clear navigation options and labels.\
To address the issue of poor color contrast ratios, a color palette was developed that adhered to WCAG 2.1 guidelines. This made the site's content more accessible to all users, including those with visual impairments.\
To make it easier for users to donate, clear CTAs were added throughout the site, with a prominent donate button on the homepage. The donation process was also streamlined to reduce the number of clicks required to complete the transaction.\
To improve the user flow, usability testing was conducted to identify pain points in the user journey. Based on the findings, the site's user flow was improved by removing unnecessary steps and improving the site's overall navigation.\
Result\
The result of the redesign was a site that provided a much-improved user experience. The new design made it easier for users to find the information they were looking for, with a clear focus on transparency. The new color palette improved the site's accessibility, making it easier for all users to read the content. The new CTAs and streamlined donation process also made it easier for users to donate to the cause.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Conclusion\
The redesign of Drawchange's website was a success, providing a much-improved user experience and making it easier for users to donate. The user-centered design approach, which included several popular UX/UI methods, was effective in addressing the site's primary issues. The new design's focus on transparency made it easier for users to understand the non-profit's mission and encouraged them to donate. By addressing issues such as poor color contrast ratios, confusing information architecture, and a lack of clear CTAs, the redesigned site provides a better experience for users and helps Drawchange to achieve its mission of helping homeless and impoverished children.\
\cf4 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec4 Introduction\cb1 \
\cb3 Drawchange is a non-profit organization that provides art therapy and other services to homeless and impoverished children. The organization's website, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.drawchange.org/"}}{\fldrslt \ul \strokec6 https://www.drawchange.org/}}, was in need of a redesign to improve its user experience and make it easier for users to donate to the cause. The current site had several issues, including poor color contrast ratios, confusing information architecture, and a lack of clear CTAs. Additionally, users were having difficulty finding information about the product, which made it challenging to understand the organization's mission.\cb1 \
\cb3 Problem Statement\cb1 \
\cb3 The primary problem with the site was its poor user experience. The confusing information architecture made it challenging to navigate, and the lack of clear CTAs made it difficult for users to understand how to donate. Additionally, the poor color contrast ratios made it challenging for some users to read the site's content. Users were frustrated and unable to find the information they needed on the site, and this was preventing them from donating to the cause. The site needed a redesign that would improve its user experience and make it easier for users to understand the organization's mission and donate to the cause.\cb1 \
\cb3 Solution\cb1 \
\cb3 To solve these issues, a user-centered design approach was adopted, which included several popular UX/UI methods. The first step was to conduct user research, including user reviews and surveys, to understand the site's primary users and their needs. The research revealed that users were looking for transparency in the non-profit's activities and financials before making a donation. Therefore, the solution was to create a design that focused on transparency and made it easy for users to find the information they were looking for.\cb1 \
\cb3 The next step was to redesign the site's information architecture. A card sorting exercise was conducted with users to determine the most intuitive way to organize the site's content. The information architecture was restructured to make it easier for users to find the information they were looking for, with clear navigation options and labels.\cb1 \
\cb3 To address the issue of poor color contrast ratios, a color palette was developed that adhered to WCAG 2.1 guidelines. This made the site's content more accessible to all users, including those with visual impairments.\cb1 \
\cb3 To make it easier for users to donate, clear CTAs were added throughout the site, with a prominent donate button on the homepage. The donation process was also streamlined to reduce the number of clicks required to complete the transaction.\cb1 \
\cb3 To improve the user flow, wire-framing and lo-fi prototyping were used to test and iterate the design. User testing was conducted to identify pain points in the user journey, and changes were made based on the findings. The site's user flow was improved by removing unnecessary steps and improving the site's overall navigation. The hi-fi prototyping phase involved the development of the final design based on user feedback and test results.\cb1 \
\cb3 Result\cb1 \
\cb3 The result of the redesign was a site that provided a much-improved user experience. The new design made it easier for users to find the information they were looking for, with a clear focus on transparency. The new color palette improved the site's accessibility, making it easier for all users to read the content. The new CTAs and streamlined donation process also made it easier for users to donate to the cause.\cb1 \
\cb3 User testing was conducted throughout the testing process, and users reported a significant improvement in their experience using the site. Initial frustration and pain points users had with the original site were resolved, and users were able to easily find the information they needed and donate to the cause. The new design improved the site's overall user flow, making it easier for users to navigate and complete their desired actions.\cb1 \
\cb3 Conclusion\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 The redesign of Drawchange's website was a success, providing a much-improved user experience and making it easier for users to donate. The user-centered design approach, which included several popular UX/UI methods, was effective in\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf5 \strokec7 \

\fs32 \cf7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf9 \cb3 \strokec4 Introduction\
Drawchange is a non-profit organization that provides art therapy and other services to homeless and impoverished children. The organization's website, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.drawchange.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \ul https://www.drawchange.org/}}, was in need of a redesign to improve its user experience and make it easier for users to donate to the cause. The current site had several issues, including poor color contrast ratios, confusing information architecture, and a lack of clear CTAs. Additionally, the site was text-heavy with little or no information chunking, which led to cognitive overload and made it challenging for users to find the information they were looking for. Users were frustrated and unable to find the information they needed on the site, and this was preventing them from donating to the cause. The site needed a redesign that would improve its user experience and make it easier for users to understand the organization's mission and donate to the cause.\
Problem Statement\
The primary problem with the site was its poor user experience. The confusing information architecture made it challenging to navigate, and the lack of clear CTAs made it difficult for users to understand how to donate. The site was also text-heavy, which made it challenging for users to find the information they were looking for. Additionally, the poor color contrast ratios made it challenging for some users to read the site's content. Users were frustrated and unable to find the information they needed on the site, and this was preventing them from donating to the cause. The site needed a redesign that would improve its user experience and make it easier for users to understand the organization's mission and donate to the cause.\
Solution\
To solve these issues, a user-centered design approach was adopted, which included several popular UX/UI methods. The first step was to conduct user research, including user reviews and surveys, to understand the site's primary users and their needs. The research revealed that users were looking for transparency in the non-profit's activities and financials before making a donation. Therefore, the solution was to create a design that focused on transparency and made it easy for users to find the information they were looking for.\
The next step was to redesign the site's information architecture. A card sorting exercise was conducted with users to determine the most intuitive way to organize the site's content. The information architecture was restructured to make it easier for users to find the information they were looking for, with clear navigation options and labels. Information chunking was used to make the site's content more readable and to reduce cognitive overload.\
To address the issue of poor color contrast ratios, a color palette was developed that adhered to WCAG 2.1 guidelines. This made the site's content more accessible to all users, including those with visual impairments.\
To make it easier for users to donate, clear CTAs were added throughout the site, with a prominent donate button on the homepage. The donation process was also streamlined to reduce the number of clicks required to complete the transaction.\
To improve the user flow, wire-framing and lo-fi prototyping were used to test and iterate the design. User testing was conducted to identify pain points in the user journey, and changes were made based on the findings. The site's user flow was improved by removing unnecessary steps and improving the site's overall navigation. Hi-fi prototyping was used to create a final design that was tested with users to ensure that it provided the best user experience.\
Result\
The result of the redesign was a site that provided a much-improved user experience. The new design made it easier for users to find the information they were looking for, with a clear focus on transparency. The new color palette improved the site's accessibility, making it easier for all users to read the content. The new CTAs and streamlined donation process also made it easier for users to donate to the cause.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf9 \cb3 \strokec4 User testing was conducted throughout the testing process, and the results were positive. Initial frustration and pain points users had with the original site were resolved, and users were able to easily find the information they needed and donate to the cause. The new design improved the site's overall user flow, making it easier for users to navigate and complete their desired actions.\cb1 \
\cb3 The lo-fi prototyping phase involved creating a rough design and testing it with users. The prototype was used to identify design flaws, pain points, and usability issues. The wireframes helped in creating a structure that improved user experience by providing a clear and concise layout for the site's content. The site's information architecture was redesigned, and the content was chunked to provide more visual cues and reduce cognitive overload.\cb1 \
\cb3 After the feedback was analyzed and the design revised, a hi-fi prototype was developed. The hi-fi prototype reflected the final design and provided a more realistic representation of the site. The prototype helped in testing the interaction design and user flow of the website.\cb1 \
\cb3 Conclusion\cb1 \
\cb3 The redesign of Drawchange's website was a success, providing a much-improved user experience and making it easier for users to donate. The user-centered design approach, which included several popular UX/UI methods, was effective in solving the issues with the site. The new design improved the site's accessibility, readability, user flow, and CTAs. The site's information architecture was restructured to make it easier for users to find the information they were looking for. The donation process was streamlined, and the site's content was chunked to reduce cognitive overload. User testing was an essential component of the design process, and feedback from users was used to improve the site's design.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb3 In conclusion, a user-centered design approach and popular UX/UI methods, including lo-fi prototyping, hi-fi prototyping, and wireframing, were effective in redesigning Drawchange's website. The redesign resulted in a site that provided a much-improved user experience, with a clear focus on transparency, readability, accessibility, and streamlined user flow. By prioritizing user needs and feedback, Drawchange was able to design a site that was more accessible and made it easier for users to understand their mission and donate to the cause.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \strokec7 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \
}